As a user, I need to be able to find the book I want based on keywords such as book name and category.
As a user, I need to be able to modify my personal information including avatar, nickname and so on.
As a user, I need to be able to publish books and publish content changes.
As a user, I need to be able to view details of books posted by other users, such as physical books, etc.
As a user, I need to see book ratings and other user reviews.
As a user, I need to see all of a seller's sales.
As a user, I need to be able to communicate with sellers in real time to negotiate prices and so on.
As a user, I like to be able to label my items when I sell them, including the type of book and how old they are.
As a user, I want to see the seller's personal information when I buy.
As a user, I would like to report suspected violations.
As a user, I expect to get keyword recommendations when I search.
As a new user of the site, I want to browse the features of the site before registering.
As a second-hand book seller, I hope to enter the website to sell.
As a second-hand bookseller, I hope to be certified and recommended by the website.
As a webmaster, I want to be able to review the content posted by users.
As a administrator, I hope that users who violate the rules can be punished in different degrees, including restrictions on Posting, limiting purchases, and banning accounts for different days up to a maximum of permanent.
As a administrator, I hope that when the wrong operation can be retracted operation, as the wrong closure.
As a webmaster, I want to be able to pop up a page for a second confirmation when blocking operations.
As a operator, I hope that when users release products, website manager review can cross two audit, that is, a manager review can be released, and occasionally the published content is pushed to other managers, if the audit results are different, then push to a higher level of administrator to determine.
As a operator, I hope to make personalized recommendation to users' home pages through some algorithms.
